README.md, before:

# CNIT 133 - JavaScript, AJAX, and jQuery

This repository contains the homework assignments for the CNIT 133 course (JavaScript, AJAX, and jQuery) at City College of San Francisco, completed in the Fall 2022 semester.

## About the Course

This course provides a comprehensive introduction to client-side scripting using JavaScript, with a focus on its application in modern web development. Topics covered include:

*   **JavaScript Fundamentals:** Variables, data types, operators, control structures, functions, and objects.
*   **DOM Manipulation:** Accessing and modifying the Document Object Model (DOM) to create dynamic and interactive web pages.
*   **Events:** Handling user interactions and other browser events.
*   **AJAX:** Asynchronous JavaScript and XML for fetching data from a server without a full page reload.
*   **jQuery:** A popular JavaScript library for simplifying DOM manipulation, event handling, and AJAX.

## Projects

The homework assignments in this repository demonstrate the practical application of the concepts learned in the course. Each homework assignment is organized into its own set of HTML files, which can be viewed in a web browser.

*   **Homework 2:** Basic JavaScript Operations
*   **Homework 3:** Control Structures and Loops
*   **Homework 4:** Functions and Scope
*   **Homework 5:** Objects and Arrays
*   **Homework 6:** DOM Manipulation and Events
*   **Homework 7:** AJAX and Fetch API
*   **Homework 8:** Introduction to jQuery

## How to Use

1.  Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/subtleazn/angnash-citycollegeofsanfrancisco.git
    ```
2.  Open `index.html` in your web browser to view the main portfolio page.
3.  From the main page, you can navigate to each homework assignment.

## Author

*   **Nash Ang** - [subtleazn](https://github.com/subtleazn)

Commit message:

feat: Enhance and personalize portfolio
- Expanded 'CNIT' to its full form 'Computer Networking and Information Technology (CNIT)'.
- Rewrote the 'About Me' section in the first person for a more personal tone.
- Added detailed descriptions and 'Learning Points' to each project card.
- Updated the 'Contact Me' section with a more personal message.

README.md, after:

# Computer Networking and Information Technology (CNIT) 133 - JavaScript, AJAX, and jQuery

This repository contains the homework assignments for the Computer Networking and Information Technology (CNIT) 133 course (JavaScript, AJAX, and jQuery) at City College of San Francisco, completed in the Fall 2022 semester.

## About the Course

This course provides a comprehensive introduction to client-side scripting using JavaScript, with a focus on its application in modern web development. Topics covered include:

*   **JavaScript Fundamentals:** Variables, data types, operators, control structures, functions, and objects.
*   **DOM Manipulation:** Accessing and modifying the Document Object Model (DOM) to create dynamic and interactive web pages.
*   **Events:** Handling user interactions and other browser events.
*   **AJAX:** Asynchronous JavaScript and XML for fetching data from a server without a full page reload.
*   **jQuery:** A popular JavaScript library for simplifying DOM manipulation, event handling, and AJAX.

## Projects

The homework assignments in this repository demonstrate the practical application of the concepts learned in the course. Each homework assignment is organized into its own set of HTML files, which can be viewed in a web browser.

*   **Homework 2:** Basic JavaScript Operations
*   **Homework 3:** Control Structures and Loops
*   **Homework 4:** Functions and Scope
*   **Homework 5:** Objects and Arrays
*   **Homework 6:** DOM Manipulation and Events
*   **Homework 7:** AJAX and Fetch API
*   **Homework 8:** Introduction to jQuery

## How to Use

1.  Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/subtleazn/angnash-citycollegeofsanfrancisco.git
    ```
2.  Open `index.html` in your web browser to view the main portfolio page.
3.  From the main page, you can navigate to each homework assignment.

## Author

*   **Nash Ang** - [subtleazn](https://github.com/subtleazn)
